Sinful minister Song Hanbang kowtows to my lord
Dad?
We are the Governor of Yunzhou
How can you kneel down to a waste
My Song family doesn't accept you
shut up
inverse
woman
I Song Lamba won a moment of military merit
Glory full city
My Song family is a hundred years old
Fukuzawa Galaxy
In the end, they were all defeated by you
Ah!
I'm Song Aibang
Ashamed of the ancestors of the Song family?
The Dragon Palace grants border soldiers no holes
It's for you to go into battle and kill the enemy
It's for you to protect your country and your country
But what about you?
But to attack with the people of Daxia
Your name is Ziwufang
我可以忍
你以下犯上我也可以放
But this is what poisoned my army
you
Dragon Lord is above
Most servant Song Anbang
wish
dying
他是龙主龙主